1- analysis :
This phase's goal is to provide a more thorough definition of the system's inputs, outputs, processes, and interfaces. The system's procedures will be specified at the functional level at the end of this phase, which means that while the functions that need to be carried out will be known, the methods by which they will be carried out may not be. inputs : collect the client requirements and demnads for the project 
outputs: backlog sheet created for the team filled with the tasks and iterations and timings .
2-design :
 During the first coding phase, developers use this phase as a guidance. The primary goal is to produce a comprehensive design that describes the system's functionality, user interfaces, and database structure.
inputs : user customization need for the web , colors and paints 
outputs :designed web template as a prototype which will be reviewed to the developer UI/UX
3-developer:
a web developers is the one who codes , for instance , the developer recieves the ui/ux template from the designer and code throught (the front end develper ) 
front end developer is also resposible for the front page the the customer or the user see .
back end : the developer behind the work used 
inputs : api designs by the backend developer 
outputs:api integrations linked to the client side rendering 
input of the front end : api codes recieved by the back-end 
output : integrate the api data 
4-testing :
As soon as programming is complete, testing begins. Any flaws in the program are repaired after a comprehensive evaluation. This stage guarantees that the program satisfies client needs.
inputs : reporting bugs and report the test for the results 
check the web perfomance if it passes or fails 
outputs : report the test results for the team to check for errors 
rearrange the prioroites of each error 
5-deployement:
is the crucial step in releasing developed software to its target audience. As the software enters a live environment, it marks the completion of development and testing activities.
inputs : check for security and develop the web 
outputs :verification and debug errors 
maintainance :
is the final part of the project that manages updates and fixes, guarantees ongoing software operation, and keeps the program current and working.
inputs : feedbacks from the user and apply changes in the project if needed 
cpu and memory usage 
outputs :
reslove the issues from the user 
update the softtware changes if needed 